right anyone ever made a soup at home
yes
yeah good what kind of souffle was it
proper one I'm a crap that's a man water
oh sorry now
add egg yolks to your flour milk we play
bass the secret behind us we play is to
make sure we got no lumps in there yeah
eggs finished and then your cheese's
yeah yeah right egg whites in okay just
before it comes out a little bit of
seasoning in there off so just a really
nice sort of soft peak stage half of it
in now right yeah spatula in and twist
basically turning over okay molds you
gotta be careful let's get yeah let's
show otherwise it's all gonna go out
like Kate sort of grime on the side of a
mold they're not gonna pay for that
no now what were you looking at Kenny
when I said no will over the sides
Kenny's eyes aren't brilliant yeah we
figured let's stick with that I can't
see your hand will arrange oh okay just
lightly tap down we're banging it out
any blocks of bear disappeared good
right Kenny Lindsey over there
yes judy's Wendy here yes yes any
questions oh right we ready guys yes yes
yes ago i order four covers Table eight
ball soup late for monkfish for
rosewater yes
hello Kenny you know I would say you
know cake use I can't get the rest of
lumps out of this okay beat it beat it
Wendy yeah that's fine yes fine I'll
order to cover table 12 - super hmm fish
- rose water first for souffle should be
in yes okay
let's go let's go you must be very proud
of them you know oh I'm so proud of them
I mean in terms of character
I mean yet they're both characters yeah
both characters so Lizzy was a lesbian
bar maid usually
you said I was just going to ask your
mum what thank you one shelf top shelf
and your shelf is on there yeah good
girl
I said Table six in you're coming for
four years yes
yeah huh she's got my cellar when you
wake up in the morning ah working so I
shadow short skirt ah ah yeah come on
Kenny that looks really liquidy why is
it so runny did you whip up the egg
whites I did for ages that's not gonna
rise is it not that you got more chance
than anti-war Tom's on your mission star
that thing rising trust me
haven't you standing here like a pig
Spencer in the kitchen anything's
missing
yeah is it Barry right start again I'm
gonna get rid of it lovely would you pay
pledge do it hey what y'all please don't
quickly they look brilliant Table ten